So going back to our reference diagram,
now we have an Internet gateway,
we have subnets created.
We have four of those subnets created.
So let's continue adding to our infrastructure.
I believe the next step would be to allow
NAT gateways to be able to route
traffic for our private subnets while keeping them private.
We need to place those in our public subnets.
So let's do that portion now.
That also going to involve plenty of routing.
So going back to our reference.
We're going to start with our NAT gateways.
We're not going to do routing.
Just a second, let's just set up the NAT gateways.
We're going to copy this over to our file and paste it here.
Now, in addition to two NAT gateway resources,
you're going to notice that there's two,
all the resources here called EIP. What does that mean?
EIP stands for Elastic IP.
This is an IP allocation that you can do.
Is just exactly what it sounds.
You make a request to get an IP address and that IP address belongs to you.
So the question is,
why not just deploy the NAT gateway and allow Amazon
to assign any random IP because anyways is a public IP,
so I don't really care what the number is.
The recent one you want to allocate your own IPs
is because once you allocate it for yourself is never going to change.
If a NAT gateway is running by itself,
not just a NAT gateway,
any resource on Amazon is disposable.
So even for a simple maintenance reason or a restart,
you could end up with a different IP on that resource,
and that could throw off anything that
you have that depends on that particular IP address.
If you need a public IP that will never change,
make sure you have an allocation for an Elastic IP.